# Final Implementation
All files necessary to explore the final implementation of this project are located in this directory.

## Board Programming Files
The files necessary to program the FPGA are located in the board programming files directory.
### aes_2
This version of the files is the inital un-optimized design.
### aes_opt
This set of files is the final optimized design, with the limitation of only working for small file inputs.
### aes_opt2
This set of files is the final optimized design which can work on larger sized input files (20,000+ blocks).

## C++ code
This directory contains all the c++ files used in Vivado HLS to generate the IP, with the pragmas for the 
chosen optimized design included directly in the files.

## jupyter notebook
This directory contains the final version of the jupyter notebook with both hw and sw implementations

##testing files
This directory contains several testing files used in the jupyter notebook. Take note however that the 
notebook looks for specifically named files in a specific directory on the board, though this can be 
configured in the notebook.

## final solution synthesis report
This is a copy of the synthesis report from Vivado HLS for the chosed optimized design.

##aes.py
This is a copy of the software implementation, used in the final jupyter notebook.

## AES Block Diagram
This is a printout of the Vivado Block diagram where the IP generated by HLS is used along 
with the various streaming blocks and pynq block in Vivado.

## Optimization exploration
This spreadsheet details the various optimizations explored in Vivado HLS. It also contains a second 
sheet with the data from comparing runtimes of the HW and SW versions.
